add google_logging_metric to version 5 upgrade doc for #8780 (#8836)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/version_5_upgrade.html.markdown

### `rule.rate_limit_options.encorce_on_key` no longer has default value

Previously, the default value for `rule.rate_limit_options.encorce_on_key` is "ALL", now this field no longer has a default value.

## Resource: `google_logging_metric`

> ### Additional fields are now required metrics with `value_type = "DISTRIBUTION"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional `bucket_options` subfields are now properly required
```

Reviewer: as the PR is written, the `value_type` does not determine if the fields are required.

> For log-based metrics with `value_type = "DISTRIBUTION"`, additional fields are now required depending on the `bucket_options` block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting the `bucket_options` block, the following fields may be required:
```

> * `num_finite_buckets`, `width`, and `offset` are now required when `bucket_options` is set to be `linear_buckets`
> 
> * `num_finite_buckets`, `growth_factor`, and `scale` are now required when `bucket_options` is set to be `exponential_buckets`
> 
> * `bounds` is now required when `bucket_options` is set to be `explicit_buckets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `num_finite_buckets`, `width`, and `offset` are now required when `bucket_options.linear_buckets` is set.

* `num_finite_buckets`, `growth_factor`, and `scale` are now required when `bucket_options.exponential_buckets` is set.
```
the `bounds` requirement was not added in the 5.0.0 PR?
